IBX-6241: Rewrite REST examples w/ other clients (#2089)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/api/rest_api/rest_api_usage/testing_rest_api.md

## PHP

> To test REST API with PHP, [cURL](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php) or the [Symfony HttpClient](https://symfony.com/doc/5.4/http_client.html) can be used. Open a PHP shell in a terminal with <nobr>`php -a`</nobr> and copy-paste this code into it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [cURL](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php) or the [Symfony HttpClient](https://symfony.com/doc/5.4/http_client.html) to test REST API with PHP .
Open a PHP shell in a terminal with <nobr>`php -a`</nobr> and copy-paste this code into it:
```

Author: Thank you @MagdalenaZuba 
I was searching a way to emphase that cURL is built in PHP while HttpClient is part of third party Symfony. I couldn't do it with previous sentence construction.

```suggestion
You can use [PHP cURL](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php) or [Symfony HttpClient](https://symfony.com/doc/5.4/http_client.html) to test REST API.
Open a PHP shell in a terminal with <nobr>`php -a`</nobr> and copy-paste this code into it:
```

## PHP

You can use [PHP cURL](https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php) or [Symfony HttpClient](https://symfony.com/doc/5.4/http_client.html) to test REST API.
Open a PHP shell in a terminal with <nobr>`php -a`</nobr> and copy-paste this code into it:

=== "cURL"

    ``` php
    [[= include_file('code_samples/api/rest_api/load_content.php', 4, 18, '    ') =]]

>     ```

Reviewer 2: See my other comment on cURL.

To test it, copy-paste this code into your browser console alongside a page from your website (to share the domain):

=== "Fetch API"

    ```javascript

>     let resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52';

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    const resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52';
```

    
    fetch(resource, {
        headers: {'Accept': 'application/vnd.ibexa.api.ContentInfo+json'},
    }).then((response) => {

>         console.log(...response.headers);

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if there is a need to console log headers?

Author: @dew326
It corresponds to the console log of `request.getAllResponseHeaders()` from previous example. I don't know why it was there. It might be an opportunity to show REST response headers `accept-patch` and `content-type`.

        return response.json();
    }).then((data) => {
        console.log(data);
    });
    ```

=== "XMLHttpRequest"

    ```javascript

>     var resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52',

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    const resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52';
```

>         request = new XMLHttpRequest();

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        const request = new XMLHttpRequest();
```

>     const resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52';
>         const request = new XMLHttpRequest();

Author: ```suggestion
    const resource = '/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/52';
    const request = new XMLHttpRequest();
```

    
    request.open('GET', resource, true);
    request.setRequestHeader('Accept', 'application/vnd.ibexa.api.ContentInfo+json');
    request.onload = function () {
        console.log(request.getAllResponseHeaders(), JSON.parse(request.responseText));
    };
    request.send();

>     ```

Author: Can someone from @ibexa/javascript-dev review just this part?
